Faseter celery task logs (#66)
druids/django-security: docs/commands.rst

* ``backup`` - tells Django where to backup removed logs in JSON format
* ``type`` - tells Django what type of requests should be removed (input-request/output-request/command/celery)

set_celery_task_log_state
-------------------------

> Set celery tasks which is in WAITING state. Tasks which was not started more thane ``SECURITY_CELERY_STALE_TASK_TIME_LIMIT_MINUTES`` (by default 60 minutes) to the failed state. Task with succeeded/failed task run is set to succeeded/failed state-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set celery tasks which are in WAITING state. Tasks which were not started more than ``SECURITY_CELERY_STALE_TASK_TIME_LIMIT_MINUTES`` (by default 60 minutes) to the failed state. Task with succeeded/failed task run is set to succeeded/failed state.
```
